README.md, before:

# Overview
+ Chanwoo Park
+ Graduate student at **Seoul National University**
+ Majoring in **Computer Science & Engineering**.
+ Currently I am working on:
    + Parallelizing and Optimizing Large Language Models
    + Distributed Systems

# Research Experience
+ Researcher (2022.11. ~ Current)
    + At [Thunder Research Group](http://aces.snu.ac.kr)
    + Optimizing tokenizers for Large Language Models
    + Evaluated CNN models for image restoration tasks
    + Most Used Languages: `C++`, `Python`
    + Advisor: Prof. Jaejin Lee
+ Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (2022.03. ~ 2022.06.)
    + At [CSAP Lab](https://csap.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Implemented DNN operation with cuda programming apis
    + Evaluated DNN Post-training Quantization results
    + Most Used Languages: `C++`, `Python`
    + Advisor: Prof. Bernhard Egger

# Publications

## 2023
  + Applying Influence Range to Under-Display Camera Image Restoration
    + Kyusu Ahn, Byeonghyun Ko,  Hyungyu Lee, **Chanwoo Park**, and Jaejin Lee
    + On the 23rd International Meeting on Information Display


# Work Experience
+ [TmaxTibero](https://www.tmaxtibero.com/main.do) (2022.07. ~ 2022.08.)
    + Summer Internship at DevOps Team
    + Composing Network of DBMS containers and Parallelizing test tasks for Test Automation
    + Most Used Technology: `Python` Parallel Programming, `Shell`, `Docker`, `Docker Compose`

# Community Services
+ [Bacchus](https://bacchus.snucse.org) (2021.03. ~ Current)
    + In charge of onboarding members and member relations
    + Managed more than 60 machines in [the department](https://cse.snu.ac.kr).
    + Most Used Technology: `ansible`

# Education
+ [Seoul National University](https://www.snu.ac.kr/) (2023.09. ~ Current)
    + Master's course in [Computer Science and Engineering](https://cse.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Advisor: Prof. Jaejin Lee
+ [Seoul National University](https://www.snu.ac.kr/) (2017.03. ~ 2023.08.)
    + B.A. in [Business Administration](https://cba.snu.ac.kr/) and [Computer Science and Engineering](https://cse.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Best Thesis Paper
      + Thesis: Analysis of IPO Underpricing and After-Market Price Fluctuation
    + Summa Cum Laude
+ [Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies](http://hafs.hs.kr/) (2014.03. ~ 2017.02.)
    + Humanities and Social Science Course

# Teaching Experiences
+ Foundation of Computing, Tutor (2021.09. ~ 2023.06.)
    + Teaching language: `Python`
    + Practice session teaching assistant
+ Teaching Assistance for [CSE](https://cse.snu.ac.kr) Courses
    + Algorithms (2022.09 ~ 2022.12)

Commit message:

Add UDC-SIT (To Appear)

README.md, after:

# Overview
+ Chanwoo Park
+ Graduate student at **Seoul National University**
+ Majoring in **Computer Science & Engineering**.
+ Currently I am working on:
    + Parallelizing and Optimizing Large Language Models
    + Distributed Systems

# Research Experience
+ Researcher (2022.11. ~ Current)
    + At [Thunder Research Group](http://aces.snu.ac.kr)
    + Optimizing tokenizers for Large Language Models
    + Evaluated CNN models for image restoration tasks
    + Most Used Languages: `C++`, `Python`
    + Advisor: Prof. Jaejin Lee
+ Undergraduate Research Opportunities Program (2022.03. ~ 2022.06.)
    + At [CSAP Lab](https://csap.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Implemented DNN operation with cuda programming apis
    + Evaluated DNN Post-training Quantization results
    + Most Used Languages: `C++`, `Python`
    + Advisor: Prof. Bernhard Egger

# Publications

## 2023
  + UDC-SIT: A Real-World Dataset for Under-Display Cameras (To Appear)
    + Kyusu Ahn, Byeonghyun Ko,  Hyungyu Lee, **Chanwoo Park**, and Jaejin Lee
    + On the 37th Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems, Datasets and Benchmarks
  + Applying Influence Range to Under-Display Camera Image Restoration
    + Kyusu Ahn, Byeonghyun Ko,  Hyungyu Lee, **Chanwoo Park**, and Jaejin Lee
    + On the 23rd International Meeting on Information Display


# Work Experience
+ [TmaxTibero](https://www.tmaxtibero.com/main.do) (2022.07. ~ 2022.08.)
    + Summer Internship at DevOps Team
    + Composing Network of DBMS containers and Parallelizing test tasks for Test Automation
    + Most Used Technology: `Python` Parallel Programming, `Shell`, `Docker`, `Docker Compose`

# Community Services
+ [Bacchus](https://bacchus.snucse.org) (2021.03. ~ Current)
    + In charge of onboarding members and member relations
    + Managed more than 60 machines in [the department](https://cse.snu.ac.kr).
    + Most Used Technology: `ansible`

# Education
+ [Seoul National University](https://www.snu.ac.kr/) (2023.09. ~ Current)
    + Master's course in [Computer Science and Engineering](https://cse.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Advisor: Prof. Jaejin Lee
+ [Seoul National University](https://www.snu.ac.kr/) (2017.03. ~ 2023.08.)
    + B.A. in [Business Administration](https://cba.snu.ac.kr/) and [Computer Science and Engineering](https://cse.snu.ac.kr/)
    + Best Thesis Paper
      + Thesis: Analysis of IPO Underpricing and After-Market Price Fluctuation
    + Summa Cum Laude
+ [Hankuk Academy of Foreign Studies](http://hafs.hs.kr/) (2014.03. ~ 2017.02.)
    + Humanities and Social Science Course

# Teaching Experiences
+ Foundation of Computing, Tutor (2021.09. ~ 2023.06.)
    + Teaching language: `Python`
    + Practice session teaching assistant
+ Teaching Assistance for [CSE](https://cse.snu.ac.kr) Courses
    + Algorithms (2022.09 ~ 2022.12)
